this year's homecoming celebration was
the perfect time for the UDC Firebirds
family and catch a renaissance on the
hardwood it's both the men and women put
on a show for this holiday weekend of
sorts not only was this a chance for
students and alumni to bask in the glow
of their Firebird experience and get in
touch with the memories of the past who
was a chance to watch two basketball
programs were on the verge of doing
special things in the not-too-distant
future at UDC basketball is more than
just about the athletic competition it
is a part of the fabric of the
university with a championship tradition
of excellence students alumni faculty
and those in the surrounding community
are passionate about the success of the
programs former Washington Bullets an
NBA allstar Jeff Rulin is hoping to lead
the firebirds men's program back to
prominence rulin who coached at the NBA
and division 1 levels has brought her
toughness and vision to the program as
he tries to lay the foundation for
success rouillon has been aggressive and
improving the talent base with a mix of
players from this region and transfers
from around the country players such as
Brandon Herbert Greg Avila
David sandy is he on our smile we are
the foundation for what ruling hopes
will be their return to national
prominence people to stay home this is
Washington DC's the nation's capital is
one of the greatest cities in the
country and we want you know we want to
recruit nationally but we also want
local products with a hotbed of talent
in this area I want them to come here
and make UDC a name to be reckoned with
the homecoming celebration gave the
firebird family a chance to catch an
early glimpse of the energy surrounding
the basketball programs at UDC which has
ignited the entire campus it is clear
that both teams are scratching the
surface on their potential for greatness
this year and four seasons to come well
a Firebird update I'm mark gray